Release v28 (#8750)
gfx-rs/wgpu: CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased

## v28.0.0 (2025-12-17)

### Major Changes

#### Mesh Shaders

This has been a long time coming. See [the tracking issue](https://github.com/gfx-rs/wgpu/issues/7197) for more information.
They are now fully supported on Vulkan, and supported on Metal and DX12 with passthrough shaders. WGSL parsing and rewriting
is supported, meaning they can be used through WESL or naga_oil.

Mesh shader pipelines replace the standard vertex shader pipelines and allow new ways to render meshes. They form the core of

> some rendering engines, famously used in Unreal Engine's nanite. They are ideal for meshlet rendering, a form

Reviewer: Ehh, mesh shaders aren't required for Nanite. Software raster does 80% of the heavy lifting.

Author: Removed reference to nanite.

of rendering where small groups of triangles are handled together, for culling and for rendering.

> They are compute-like shaders will generate primitives which are passed directly to the rasterizer, rather

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
They are compute-like shaders, and generate primitives which are passed directly to the rasterizer, rather
```

}
```

##### Thanks

> This was a monumental effort from many different people, but it was championed @inner-daemons, without which it would not have happened.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This was a monumental effort from many different people, but it was championed by @inner-daemons, without whom it would not have happened.
```

- @cwfitzgerald
- @jimblandy
- @ErichDonGubler

`wgpu` Contributions:
- Metal implementation in wgpu-hal. By @inner-daemons in [#8139](https://github.com/gfx-rs/wgpu/pull/8139).
- DX12 implementation in wgpu-hal. By @inner-daemons in [#8110](https://github.com/gfx-rs/wgpu/pull/8110).
- Vulkan implementation in wgpu-hal. By @inner-daemons in [#7089](https://github.com/gfx-rs/wgpu/pull/7089).
- wgpu/wgpu-core implementation. By @inner-daemons in [#7345](https://github.com/gfx-rs/wgpu/pull/7345).
- New mesh shader limits and validation. By @inner-daemons in [#8507](https://github.com/gfx-rs/wgpu/pull/8507).

`naga` Contributions:
- Naga IR implementation. By @inner-daemons in [#8104](https://github.com/gfx-rs/wgpu/pull/8104).
- `wgsl-in` implementation in naga. By @inner-daemons in [#8370](https://github.com/gfx-rs/wgpu/pull/8370).
- `spv-out` implementation in naga. By @inner-daemons in [#8456](https://github.com/gfx-rs/wgpu/pull/8456).
- `wgsl-out` implementation in naga. By @Slightlyclueless in [#8481](https://github.com/gfx-rs/wgpu/pull/8481).
- Allow barriers in mesh/task shaders. By @inner-daemons in [#8749](https://github.com/gfx-rs/wgpu/pull/8749)

Testing Assistance:

> - @ColinTimBarndt (myself)

Reviewer 3: Probably dont want this to be "myself" lol

Author: Oops
